LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

            LinkedIn
          

          LinkedIn is better on the app
        

          Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
        

Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a few practical tips and tricks to make your video strategy straightforward, engaging, and effective! 


Your video doesn’t just have appeal to a general audience–you can create a more refined video strategy depending on which segment of your customers you are targeting. Start by understanding who your audience is, what challenges they face, and what motivates them. A one-size-fits-all approach rarely works in B2B marketing, where buyers often have diverse needs depending on their roles, industries, or stages in the purchasing process. Personalized videos on personalized landing pages can do wonders to move your customers down the purchasing funnel. 


It doesn’t matter how well the story is told or how high your budget is. If your video is not optimized for the channel you’re distributing on, you’re not going to have success. What works on the TV screen won’t work on a TikTok. Adjust formats, lengths, and messaging to align with the expectations and behaviors of users on each channel.


There's nothing more persuasive than showing potential clients how you've already helped others like them. Use video to bring customer testimonials, case studies, and success stories to life. Featuring real-world results and authentic feedback makes your brand more credible and demonstrates your value proposition clearly. These stories not only engage but will also resonate deeply with prospects facing similar challenges.


B2B products or services often involve intricate ideas that can be hard to grasp. Video is the perfect medium to break down these complexities. Use visuals, animations, and simple language to explain processes, demonstrate functionalities, or showcase your service in action. Remember, clarity is key—your audience shouldn't need to be an expert to understand how your product works. 


Measuring performance is crucial to refining your video strategy. Track metrics like view counts, watch times, click-through rates, and conversions. Watch times can help you figure out if your video is engaging enough, while conversions can help you figure out if your messaging needs improving.  Use this information to tweak your content strategy, improve targeting, and ensure you're meeting your marketing goals.


Make everything from the ideating process to the lighting and sound and execution of your video marketing plans more streamlined by working with experts like Bread N Butter Content Studio. Video professionals will ensure that every step of your project—from concept development to production to post-production—is handled with creativity and precision. 


With a deep understanding of B2B marketing needs, Bread n Butter Content Studio can help you craft compelling visual stories that resonate with your audience and elevate your brand!

Freelance Digital Marketer | Founder of Saini Studio | Helping Brands Grow with Creative Strategy & Content
Great post! I’m a freelance video editor turning raw footage into captivating stories—whether for promos, social media, or documentaries. Let’s connect! Check out my work on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jhansifoodvlogger/

        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…