by trisha pintavorn | Apr 2, 2024
In today’s corporate landscape, crisp and effective communication is of paramount importance. As businesses work to engage with stakeholders, attract clients, and expand their brand presence, video has become an all-the-more powerful tool for evoking and reinforcing strong narratives from board level priorities.
In the B2B space, crafting videos that resonate with corporate audiences requires a strategic approach. From board meetings to client pitches, every frame must convey professionalism, expertise, and value. Here’s a guide using a few examples from key corporate governance topics and how companies have effectively turned them into videos.

In a volatile economic market, climate change and environmental initiatives can fall by the wayside, but EY reports that 56% investors want to continue to see companies invest in transitioning towards a low-carbon economy in order to bolster the long-term prospects of their investments. Impactful video storytelling is a natural medium to showcase your company’s environmental initiatives. Video can bring to life carbon footprint reduction, renewable energy adoption, and waste reduction efforts to inspire action and drive positive change. This brand storytelling piece BNB Content Studio created for Novelis’ Atlanta Falcons partnership, highlights how they have become the world’s largest recycler of aluminum and deliver on their sustainability promise.

Companies that have a clear culture of transparency and ethics constitute less risk for investors. Build trust and credibility by transparently communicating your company’s values, ethics, and corporate governance practices. Use video to share insights into your decision-making processes, compliance initiatives, and commitment to ethical conduct. UPS exemplifies this approach by showcasing supplier diversity as a strength, fostering credibility and goodwill.
https://www.tiktok.com/@ncr.voyix/video/7146248047847083306
According to research by The EY Center for Board Matters, 63% of investor participants say that talent recruitment and retention is a top priority for 2024. Use video to showcase your commitment to talent development, diversity, and inclusion and speak directly to investor concerns. Video that highlights employee testimonials, training programs, and career advancement opportunities can help attract top talent and foster a culture of excellence. NCR Voyix effectively leverages TikTok to offer glimpses into their culture and career advancement opportunities, resonating with prospective employees.

81% of investors told EY that boards should disclose training and education to demonstrate their expertise in areas like emerging technology. Companies can highlight their company’s attitudes towards growth, technology, and innovation through captivating video narratives. Use video to showcase R&D investments, product innovations, and technology training to position your organization as a tech leader in a rapidly changing technology environment. Intuit Mailchimp adopts an engaging explainer video format to spotlight their latest integrations, reinforcing their status as a tech innovator.

Responsible AI is quickly becoming a priority for investors. Questions around to manage labor and workforce impacts and risk mitigation in a changing regulatory landscape are at top-of-mind for investors. Assuage concerns around data privacy and security by proactively addressing them through video storytelling. Clearly communicate your company’s data protection policies, compliance measures, and commitment to safeguarding customer information to instill confidence and build trust among stakeholders. Google DeepMind, a subsidiary of Google highlights the director of their Pioneering Responsibly team and how she thinks about and embraces head on the potential consequences of their work.