Brand Voice Document: Bread n’ Butter Content Studio
CORE IDENTITY
Who We Are: 
Bread n’ Butter Content Studio is a solutions-oriented agency that thrives on delivering high quality, strategic marketing and communications for brands and enterprises. We work with forward thinking business leaders and marketers, often in the c-suite and in our Atlanta backyard, leveraging our expertise to deliver exceptional results that move company narratives forward. 
What We Do: We thoughtfully craft engaging content and campaigns, primarily high quality video but often times digital and still photography content as well. At our best, we act as a true extension of our partners teams in a very flexible way; from creative concepting to physical execution to post production. We can offer as much partnership as possible, or simply show up and execute pre-defined projects and briefs that clients provide for less complicated ready to execute video work. Along the way we always offer to challenge them and share our expertise to ensure that what we are creating that will resonate with an end user in mind. 
MISSION STATEMENT
At Bread n’ Butter Content Studio, production is at the core of what we do. We are dedicated to creating innovative and engaging content that resonates with specific audiences while maintaining the highest standard of quality. Through collaboration, attention to detail, and a passion for moving narratives, we aim to craft memorable experiences that drive impact, inspire emotion, and elevate brands in the ever-evolving media landscape.
BRAND VOICE
Tone Characteristics:
Authoritative but humble: We know we are forward thinking and damn good at what we do. We hear it from our clients all the time – either they are effusive about the work we deliver OR they know that we are super creative and strategic in the way that we approach delivering their narratives out to the world in a novel or unique way. But we’re never shouting from the rooftops exclaiming that what we’ve done is so unique, or using braggadocious superlatives going over the top about the work itself – it’s always more subdued, unpretentious, and implied. 
Innovative: Creative and forward-thinking, highlighting our ability to adapt and stay ahead of trends, particularly in the corporate / digital / mar-com space 
Storytelling-Driven: Emotionally resonant, emphasizing the power of stories to connect and inspire.
Solutions-Oriented: We’re practical and reliable, and our ability to meet challenges with thoughtful, impactful solutions.
Writing Style:
Clear and Direct: We communicate our ideas with clarity, precision and brevity. We are concise because we know attention spans are short across the board and that editing and distilling content down is a sign of respect and intelligence. 
Engaging and Inspiring: We aim to captivate audiences with work that makes people feel something – often times inspired and uplifted but always emotive and never dull. 
Brand-Elevating: We ensure our tone always aligns with the premium quality of our work and brings a touch of panache.  
Fun and Witty but Never critical: We always let the fun shine through and we aren’t just “silly” fun, or “checking the box bland corporate humor” -  we’re actually goddamn funny. We’re a super pleasant, having a good time / self deprecating creative bunch - and that resonates in everything we do. But we are never critical of our clients, partners, or competitors to the point of denigrating them in the slightest. 

MESSAGING PILLARS

Our People: Highlight our people and what makes us fun, creative, unique
Our expertise and thought leadership: At the intersection of corporate mar-com where it meets video agency work: blogs, research, findings, etc. 


CONTENT FOCUS
A few Examples of Video Offerings:
Brand Story Videos: Bring brands to life with compelling narratives that capture their essence.
Explainer Videos: Simplify complex ideas into accessible, engaging visual content.
Customer Testimonials: Showcase authentic experiences that build trust and credibility.
Employee Journey Videos: Highlight the human side of organizations to inspire and attract top talent.
Board Updates: Provide high quality, exciting and aspirational updates to key stakeholders
Product Videos: Explain products in an easy to understand or entertaining manner
C-Suite Communications: Efficient transmission of updates internally and externally from high ranking leadership
Year End sizzles: Driving entertainment and inspiration for companies internally and externally by showcasing all the accomplishments, team members, and progress made
Hiring and Retention: A more efficient approach to reducing turnover and enabling hiring through sizzles or stories about employees success stories. 
Word Cloud Themes: Brand Story | Explainers | Customer Testimonial | Employee Journey | Corporate Culture | Training Videos | Product Launch | Thought Leadership | Social Media Campaigns | Case Studies | Behind-the-Scenes | Animation | Motion Graphics | Live Events Coverage | Company Narrative | Solutions Oriented | Strategic Marketing | High quality video | Narrative Strategy 
CORE AUDIENCE
Primary Audience: Business Leaders and C-suite decision makers at companies headquartered in Atlanta who value quality video production and understand the impact that enabling high quality messaging can provide true business impact. 
Secondary Audience: Marketing teams, HR departments, and creative agencies seeking a trusted video agency partner to elevate their campaigns.
CONCLUSION
Bread n’ Butter Content Studio combines innovative approaches to enabling company internal and external messages that are rooted in business objectives but manifest themselves in high quality video content. Our dynamic and scalable team brings expertise and experience working across numerous industries. 