Elevator Pitch: Director of Content & Community Engagement Bread n’ Butter Content Studio
Who We Are: 
Bread n’ Butter Content Studio is a solutions-oriented agency that thrives on delivering high quality, strategic marketing and communications for brands and enterprises. We work with forward thinking business leaders and marketers, often in the c-suite and in our Atlanta backyard, leveraging our expertise to deliver exceptional results that move company narratives forward. 
What We Do: We thoughtfully craft engaging content and campaigns, primarily high quality video but often times digital and still photography content as well. At our best, we act as a true extension of our partners teams in a very flexible way; from creative concepting to physical execution to post production. We can offer as much partnership as possible, or simply show up and execute baked ideas and needs. Along the way we always offer to challenge them and share our expertise to ensure that what we are creating that will resonate with an end user in mind. 
Further Description Alternative 1: Business Focus / Non-Traditional
We’ve found that we fill this niche of helping to enable valuable initiatives at companies through video messaging- for instance on hiring & retention projects since the cost of turnover is so high especially when you have thousands of employees, videos can help reinforce the mission or why it’s a great place to work to retain employees or help educate potential employees in a very seamless manner. 
Further Description Alternative 2: Full-Service Video Production, Expertise
We’ve found that we fill this interesting space in the creative spectrum in between an independent owned and operated production company where the owner is also the DP, and conversely the large agencies in the holding companies that have hundreds of staff and require certain minimum spends. We bring a nimble but highly skilled team with deep business strategy at our core and then we scale our crews up and down from a few to dozens depending on the project- that allows us to have a ton of capacity and still deliver high level work. 
Unique Selling Proposition / Ethos. 
Why corporate narratives and communications is different than traditional marketing, and how it drives ROI? We live in an attention economy and modern audiences expect to see messages communicated effectively, so accordingly the days of 50 page power-points are going the wayside in lieu of sizzle reels and video messages. Now when a CEO needs to present a major multi-hundred million dollar initiative to their board- we create a high quality video that conveys that message in :90 seconds and it’s a win-win for everyone and completely justifies the investment in the video. 
Large employee populations- efficiency in communication and leveraging them as an audience? When a company has a few thousand employees or more, their marketing focus starts to become Audience 1A is the external customer and Audience 1B is their employee base. They need to keep them engaged, showcase and uplift individuals, remind them why the company is a great place to work, etc. So when you’ve got thousands of employees and the cost of hiring and turnover is significant, investing in video storytelling to prevent that or make that more efficient becomes a no brainer.
B2B initiatives are just as important as B2C and traditionally have been underserved. One area we’ve found a lot of strategic usage is that our clients have these needs to better optimize their sales enablement – and that can look like a lot applications but two we see a lot of are customer testimonials and product videos. With customer testimonials, our clients can make the job of their sales teams so much easier- why let the seller do the heavy lifting when a similar customer can do that for them? And with product videos, we help showcase the benefits and target the paint points for a potential customer, but we do that in a way that’s not boring but rather treat it like a consumer product that’s fun, and entertaining and showcases the simple benefits to the end user- when we do that we cut through the clutter of 10 minute product tutorials and demonstrations that are so typical out there. 
Why a third party creative group and not internally? We’ve found that this model works because inherently creatives don’t want to work on the same thing again and again, the incentive structure can get a little misaligned when you have someone working on the same thing again and again for months or years, the work can start to become stale. Whereas we have an incentive to continue to do the best possible work, having a deadline oriented mindset, bring fresh ideas to the table, etc.
We are genuinely curious about business strategies and seeing businesses succeed. We’ve been fortunate enough to work with partners in a wide variety of industries and so we bring that depth of experience to the table of how to craft campaigns where very little surprises us at this point. We also embrace a strict business objective mindset because so much of the work we do has to drive results, not win creative awards. 