LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

            LinkedIn
          

          LinkedIn is better on the app
        

          Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
        

Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of the marketing funnel. Video can help you effectively engage prospects, drive conversions, and ultimately succeed in turning leads into loyal customers. Here are a few ways how you can integrate video into your lead generation strategy!





A brand video should be the first step in the B2B marketer toolkit. A high-quality video makes for a great first impression to distill what your brand does down to its essence to prospective customers. This video should highlight your company’s mission and unique selling propositions, painting a compelling picture of your brand to resonate with your target audience. Hubspot shows in 30 seconds how their platform simplifies multiple complex systems into one that’s easy to use. 





Customer testimonials and product demos are going to be the bread and butter of your strategy when it comes to explaining hard-to-understand B2B concepts to prospective customers. Product demo videos can demonstrate the practical application of the solutions you are offering. They can highlight key features and help demonstrate functionality, which will help move prospects further along the marketing funnel. Testimonial videos, on the other hand, offer social proof and real world examples of solutions, like Dropbox does in a short 20 second video. Pro tip: Embed your videos into fillable forms for higher conversions. 





Explainer videos and product tutorials are invaluable tools in converting existing customers into advocates. Clear guidance on how to use your product that addresses common questions while also demonstrating its usability will increase retention amongst your customers. You’ll always need written instructions, but video tutorials are a way to go the extra mile for your customers and walk them through your solutions, each step of the way. Intuit Mailchimp, for example, effectively walks its customers through how to build an email campaign step-by-step in a simple and straightforward, but still professional, basic tutorial.

Business Development | B2B Lead Generation | Outsourced Marketing
Growth Wizards offers B2B Lead Generation Services 
https://growthwizards.co.in/

        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…