LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey complex sustainability initiatives in an engaging and informative way. Take a look at how some leading brands are using video to share their sustainability stories with key stakeholders, with practical examples to inspire your next campaign.


Apple takes an entertaining approach to showcase their sustainability initiatives in which “Mother Nature” herself checks in with the team Mother Nature, played by actress Octavia Spencer, takes Tim Cook and the Apple to task to see how far they've progressed on their net zero carbon footprint pledge for 2030. Humor is almost always a great tool in corporate video. Apple's video is a great reminder that sustainability messaging doesn’t always have to be sweeping vistas of green landscapes and verdant forests—companies can leverage humor to connect with a broader audience while still driving home their message. A bonus is that they also link to a landing page that goes into more depth about their net zero progress. 


Google’s most recent sustainability update video features a message from CEO Sundar Pichai, offering an update on the company's sustainability goals and progress. Having Google’s CEO deliver the message is a strong signal to its viewers that sustainability is a priority, not just an afterthought for Google. The directness of the message ensures that the audience knows sustainability is a long-term goal, not a trend. Google also uses the video as an opportunity to showcase one of its eco-friendly and beautiful workplaces, which is an effective choice that also can attract workers to Google. 


Bread N Butter Content Studio worked with Atlanta based company Novelis, the world leader in aluminum rolling and recycling, to share their sustainability story. Together, they created a personalized video to air on the jumbo “halo” screen at Atlanta’s iconic Mercedes-Benz Stadium during football games. The video shows aluminum cans in action, and how this simple container can be not only convenient but a connector for human friendship and interaction in our everyday lives, existing in an ‘infinity loop’. The video ends with both a cheer for the Atlanta Falcons football team and with a powerful message for 
 Novelis
  –they are the world’s largest recycler of aluminum. It’s an effective way to elevate a seemingly simple product, the aluminum can, and transform it into a symbol of connection and environmental innovation.





Patagonia's short-form video on its use of organic cotton masterfully encourages and educates its consumers on the benefits of organic cotton. The video emphasizes that organic cotton is formaldehyde-free and safe for workers, and comes across as authentic as it also acknowledges the company’s journey and how it evolved to its current day use of organic cotton. It ends with a strong call to action, encouraging consumers to demand more organic cotton in the products they buy. Patagonia is known for incorporating activism into its brand, and this video is no different.


        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…