LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just a logo and a set of fonts—it’s, according to advertising guru David Ogilvy,  the “intangible sum of a product's attributes: its name, packaging, and price, its history, its reputation, and the way it's advertised.” In short, it’s the way a potential customer can differentiate between your company and your competitors. Here are a few examples of how video can enhance a brand’s mythos and identity. 





Everybody who has walked through a mall knows the irresistible smell of a fresh baked cookie from Great American Cookies from 
 FAT Brands Inc.
  , but did you know this 400+ store strong chain first opened up in Atlanta’s Perimeter Mall in 1977? Video was the best way for Bread ’N Butter Content Studio to bring this brand’s history and story to life. By telling your company’s history and legend through a compelling brand story video, you not only get to share your origins but also keep a deeper connection to your audience. Video can illustrate the journey, milestones, and teammates that have made your company what it is today, building consumer trust and loyalty. 






 Procter & Gamble
  has long been a leader in branding, and Tide detergent is a prime example. P&G strives through its robust marketing efforts to make Tide detergent a universal product that’s present in every household. In this ad, Tide effectively connects to the American consumer by saying that stains can happen to everyone, from your everyday student athlete to Olympics champions. It’s another example of Tide using video to showcase its “everyman” approach to branding—sharing simple, practical products that appeal to a broad audience. 


A compelling long-form brand video was the perfect fit for 
 Atlanta Motor Speedway
  to bring the sounds, the sights, and the emotions associated with race day to life. Through immersive visuals and audio, viewers can almost feel the adrenaline and excitement associated with being at the racetrack. The roar of the motors, well-chosen interviewees, and exciting transitions help really drive home Atlanta Motor Speedway’s brand experience, and the team at Bread ’N Butter Content Studio truly enjoyed telling AMS’ brand story. 





Good evidence of a strong brand is consistency.  There’s an unmistakable look and feel to every video that 
 Target
  puts out, whether it’s a Super Bowl commercial or a digital video just for the YouTube channel. The holidays are a key quarter for retailers like Target, and in a series called “Welcome To” Target expertly highlights the unique holiday traditions families celebrate during the season. In the video description box, there’s also a unique Target landing page linked that catalogs its Lunar New Year products—a smart inclusion in a digital campaign. The result is a series that makes every customer feel included.






 Duolingo
  is a leading app for language learning, but its quirky brand and unmistakable identity sets it apart. Its owl mascot, Duo, has emerged as a key feature in much of its branding efforts. Here, Duo takes on a topical and humorous role in a spoof of hit show, the Bear. The video is also smartly formatted for mobile viewing, ensuring accessibility and engagement across multiple platforms. 


Well said. Photography too!

        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…