LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? 


A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your company’s service or product. They are excellent tools used towards building customer trust and can positively influence your future customer’s purchasing decisions.


There are so many ways to use them–whether it’s in a case study, social media post, or a powerful quote built right next to a call to action (CTA) on your company website. 


One of the most potent ways of magnifying a customer’s endorsement of your product is by bringing it into life via video. 


Take a look at a few examples of customer testimonial videos that illustrate the power of this compelling medium. 


Patagonia is a best-in-class trailblazer when it comes to marketing. As an apparel company, they take a seemingly antithetical approach to marketing by promoting repairs, sustainability, and slow fashion. In this customer testimonial video, Patagonia highlights a customer who has used her Patagonia jacket through the years and also shares how she repairs gear for her climbing teammates. For her, the jacket is not just a jacket, but an heirloom piece.  This video exemplifies Patagnia’s commitment to environmental consciousness and sustainability. 


Chick-fil-a has a simple, effective series featuring real life customers sharing stories on their “red couch.” Even though the commercial airs on television and the customer stories are handpicked and curated by Chick-fil-a, there is a feeling of authenticity due its alignment with Chick-fil-a’s steadfast commitment to customer service that separates it from its competitors. The consistency of the series also helps reinforce this ethos.


NCR (now NCR Voyix and NCR Atleos) is one of the county’s longest running institutions providing commerce solutions for the retail, restaurant, and banking industries. While the technology they provide may seem more cut and dry, the solutions they provide really come to life through customer testimonials. Bread ‘N Butter Content Studio highlights how NCR’s products are brought to life by Atlanta based restaurant, Knife Mediterranean. 


Customer testimonial videos are not just valuable for showing the value of physical products–they’re also critical tools in demonstrating harder-to-explain services in the Software as a Service (Saas)  realm. Zoom takes a straightforward approach to the customer testimonial and highlights how industry leader, HubSpot, uses its integration with Slack to make business easier. 


How can you make flooring exciting? Interface does so by highlighting how a customer, the Memory Center in Atlanta, uses its flooring to make a difference in the lives of the people that they serve. This customer testimonial expertly demonstrates how the nonslip properties of Interface flooring provide a better quality of life for vulnerable dementia and Alzheimer’s patients. The video powerfully conveys the flooring's benefits beyond mere features.


        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…