LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

            LinkedIn
          

          LinkedIn is better on the app
        

          Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
        

In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand awareness, and driving business growth. As businesses continue to seek new ways to connect with key decision-makers and effectively communicate their value propositions, video has become an integral component of any comprehensive marketing strategy. Take a closer look at why video is so vital to B2B marketing. 


One of the most compelling reasons to incorporate video into B2B marketing is its ability to capture and hold attention. Research suggests that people are 52% more likely to share video content than any other type of content. Videos, especially short-form videos under 60 seconds, can effectively communicate complex ideas, making them more likely to be remembered and shared. 


B2B products and services are often technical and complicated, requiring detailed explanations to convey their full value. Video is an excellent medium for breaking down your product into easily digestible formats. Through videos like animated explainer videos, product demons, and case studies, B2B businesses can successfully communicate their products in a way that is both informative and engaging. This helps potential clients understand the benefits and applications of a product or service. In a simple tutorial video Bread ‘N Butter created for 
 DIRECTV
 , troubleshooting complex problems is made easy. 


Video content can be a powerful tool in search engine optimization (SEO). Search engines favor web pages with rich, diverse content, and video can help improve rankings by increasing time spent on a page. Videos are more likely to be shared on social media platforms, extending a brand's reach and driving more traffic to its website. Businesses that regularly produce high-quality video content are more likely to appear in search results, enhancing their online visibility and authority.


What separates you from your competition? Video can be that extra factor that humanizes your brand and differentiates you from your competitors. Trust is a critical factor in B2B relationships, where transactions are high-value and long-term. Video content, especially testimonials and case studies, can play a significant role in building credibility. Featuring satisfied clients discussing their positive experiences can provide social proof, reinforcing the trustworthiness of a business. You can also use videos to showcase the expertise and thought leadership of your team to further build your reputation in your industry. In this brand video Bread ‘N Butter created for 
 Novelis
 , the video helps build trust and credibility amongst potential customers and stakeholders by showcasing Novelis' sustainability mission in action. 


One of the key advantages of video is the wealth of metrics available with video. Analytics tools can provide detailed insights into how videos are being consumed. Go beyond views–you can now examine drop-off rates, demographics, and conversion metrics. This data allows marketers to synthesize and refine their video strategies, tailoring  content for maximum impact. By understanding what resonates with their audience, businesses can create more effective videos that drive results.


        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…