LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement like no other medium. Staying ahead of emerging trends is essential to keep your marketing strategies fresh and relevant. Below are a few video marketing trends every B2C marketer should have in their toolkit to remain competitive in 2024 and beyond.


With the rise of platforms like TikTok, Instagram Reels, and YouTube Shorts, short-form videos, or videos under 60-90 seconds, are changing the way that consumers prefer to engage with video content. These bite-sized videos are perfect for delivering concise messages, offering product teasers, or sharing quick tips. The brevity keeps viewers from getting bored and makes content easily shareable. Intuit Mailchimp effectively shared a simple trick for utilizing their platform in a simple short-form video. 


Live video streaming has skyrocketed. Brands are leveraging live streaming for product launches, Q&A sessions, and behind-the-scenes content, allowing audiences to engage in real-time. Consumers crave authenticity, and live streaming delivers seemingly more raw, unscripted interaction to build customer trust. Salesforce was able to communicate with its key stakeholders using live-streaming software of its CEO, Marc Benioff. 





Shoppable videos have emerged as a powerful eCommerce trend. Platforms like Instagram and TikTok are expanding their shoppable features, making it easier for marketers to create video content that drives conversions. Affiliate marketing is an especially potent way to harness the power of stoppable videos by allowing your customers themselves to become sellers. TikTok Shop, the e-commerce feature of TikTok, has risen as a competitor to eCommerce giants like Amazon. Creators on TikTok are able to generate commissions by selling certain products available on TikTok shop, like in this video a creator made for Rare beauty.





Marketers often suffer from creative that feels too polished and too much like an “ad.” A fantastic way to connect with their consumers are by utilizing user-generated content. Features like the “collaboration” feature on Instagram also allow brands to put their brand directly in front of creators’ audiences as well. Many brands are also incentivizing UGC through contests and challenges on social platforms, giving users more reasons to interact with their brand. You can see in this video example from IHG that they collaborated with influencer @brontekingg to showcase the IHG experience in her own eyes. 


Artificial intelligence (AI) is upending everything, the video industry included. You can see those AI tools in almost every piece of software now. At its most basic, AI is automatically generating captions in video, and at its most complex, it’s creating videos from text inputs. You can see in this short film, created by Runway Gen-2, an example of film almost completely generated by AI. While we are still a ways away from AI completely replacing video production, it’s still wise to stay ahead of the curve and look into tools where AI can help you.


        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…