LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

One of the most effective ways to stay top of mind with your audience, even in times of market uncertainty, is through video marketing. Well-executed videos are not only engaging and memorable, but they also offer a dynamic way to communicate your brand's value, foster customer relationships, and capture market share. 


It’s tempting to reduce spending on marketing in general during times when consumer spend is lower. However, historically, brands that “go dark” during recession periods fared worse in the long term. Video marketing keeps your brand top of mind for your customers. By staying the course and consistently producing and sharing quality video content, you ensure that your brand remains visible and memorable. Whether it's through social media, TV campaigns, or your website, video content can keep your audience engaged and remind them of your value, even when they’re not actively making purchasing decisions.


If you’re in a sector where you’re seeing your competition spending less, there’s a window of opportunity for you to aggressively take over market share with marketing spend on tactics such as video marketing.  By investing in video, you can fill the void left by your competitors and attract their customers. Video marketing can highlight your unique value propositions and make your brand more attractive to potential clients who are looking for reliable partners. The Proctor & Gamble Chief Brand Officer, Marc Pritchard, recently published a LinkedIn article advocating for media as a way to not just take over market share, but to grow markets and communicate to new people that your products are worth investing in. 


Now is the time to reach out to and continue to build relationships with your existing customers. Video content can be used to communicate value to your current customers by providing updates, offering exclusive insights, and showing appreciation for their loyalty. Product tutorials and behind-the-scenes looks at your company can strengthen your relationship with current clients and reinforce their decision to continue working with you. 


It’s a fast-paced world, and with short and shorter attention spans, it’s even more crucial to stand out in a flashy way. Well executed video, especially short-form video, helps you capture attention quickly and convey your message effectively. With the vast amount of content available online, a well-crafted video can make the difference between your audience engaging with your message or moving on to something else. Video content is more likely to be shared and remembered, giving you an edge in a crowded marketplace.


An article in the Harvard Business Review from professors of marketing at Singapore Management University and Northeastern university posits that:


Now is the time to think critically about what new products or innovations you’re rolling out, and whether it may be time to consider a robust media campaign to support them.


        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ATLANTA, GA (February 12, 2025) – Atlanta Eats is thrilled to announce Georgia Natural Gas® (GNG)…
      
                

                  
        AI is having a transformative impact on so many aspects of our society, including how we approach video production…
      
                

                  
        Video production remains at the heart of engaging audiences and driving business results. But with technology advancing…
      
                

                  
        Creating impactful video content for your B2B marketing strategy doesn’t have to be complicated or costly. Here are a…
      
                

                  
        Sustainability has become a core tenet for many companies. Video is one of the most powerful tools available to convey…
      
                

                  
        Video marketing has become an indispensable tool for businesses, capturing audiences’ attention and driving engagement…
      
                

                  
        In the quickly changing world of B2B marketing, video has become a potent tool for engaging customers, building brand…
      
                

                  
        What is it that sets your company apart? Your brand is the way you present your work to the world. It’s more than just…
      
                

                  
        Are you using customer testimonials to their maximum potential? A customer testimonial is an endorsement of your…
      
                

                  
        Quality lead generation is always going to be crucial for B2B marketing, and video has its place along every step of…