LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

            LinkedIn
          

          LinkedIn is better on the app
        

          Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.
        

Wellcom Worldwide, a global Micro Network of creative and production agencies, has been expanding its North American footprint since 2021 under the leadership of our CEO David Bridges. His long-standing history in the creative industry (founding ICON, the first photoshop-based retouching business in New York City in 1993, and creative production agency, thelab in 2002), has helped shape our vision for repositioning our business to meet clients’ rapidly changing demands.


David has led a global effort to define and align on best practices while building a world-class, integrated production studio. The goal is to solve our clients' biggest challenges with scalable and multi-channel global content production solutions.


Despite a global presence that grew to include Australia, New Zealand, Asia, and the United Kingdom, Wellcom remained without a foothold in one of the world’s largest markets, the United States. Upon becoming Global CEO, David sought to seal that hole in our network by launching a proper Wellcom brand in America that would seamlessly slot in among already established global operations. 


Going further, he would establish common focuses, broader infrastructure, positioning, and strategy across the other Wellcom brands, namely, thelab, a direct-to-consumer digital agency, and Dippin' Sauce, a CGI/Post Production boutique, in a bid to remove any and all gaps between the mechanisms of creative and production. 


In an interview with David, he expands on that vision and his hopes to transform Wellcom into an even more agile and collaborative creative production agency.


“There were a lot of synergies bringing those different disciplines together. The motivation was to try and start something fresh and highly specialized. I wanted something more fluid, where creative and production disciplines truly work together in an integrated creative production business.” 


Over the last 18 months, David and his team have launched the stateside Wellcom brand in Dumbo, Brooklyn, along with an outpost of thelab in Sydney, Australia, and have been pivoting each business to work together as a true creative production network. 


“We’re trying to promote collaboration. I am always looking to see where the industry is going. For me, I think it’s going to be more of a mix – technology allowing deeper integration and automation of creative and production driven by shorter timelines, smaller budgets, data, and personalization, being able to have talented designers, copywriters, developers, CGI artists, photographers, [and] VFX artists that have a real understanding of a brands strategy, standards, and tone of voice and make sure that we stay true to them as we create purpose-built content across all channels.”


“In today's world, there is no reason to keep creative and production separate. Technology supports it and talent prefers it. Ultimately, it makes the work better, [and] more effective. It allows us to react more quickly to what consumers are responding to with more strategic and relevant content. When you have clients that are open to working in new ways, it can be a very powerful solution compared to more traditional creative and production solutions.”


David emphasized that being flexible and adaptive is crucial for creatives to excel in an industry that demands multitasking and multidisciplinary expertise. Instilling those ethos into a group that combines their creative and production capabilities and our ability to adapt to the fast-paced marketing industry is what sets Wellcom’s Micro Network apart.


“We bring all relevant disciplines together at the start of each project to create a more fluid and efficient process internally while delivering the best client experience possible. The world is moving way too fast, and brands need a partner who can do both creative and production simultaneously in order to drive results and manage costs. If we can do that effectively, it creates efficiencies, which makes things happen more quickly and lowers costs. When people from different disciplines come together, without ego, and let go of any preconceived notions on how a process should go, you'd be amazed at how much you can get done.”


The brands and talent within our Micro Network have grown and become more specialized during David’s tenure as Global CEO. Wellcom Worldwide is now in a prime position to provide clients with an agency that can think, create, produce, and excel across mediums simultaneously to rise to the demands of the ever-changing marketing landscape.




Senior Photographer at Wellcom Worldwide, Orlando Studio
it's been great watching the transformation of this brand from the inside out.  Thanks David!

        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        Meet Calvin Leong, our Creative Services Manager at Wellcom Kuala Lumpur. Calvin is a dedicated creative, well-versed…
      
                

                  
        Meet Tahi Williams, our Photography Assistant at Wellcom Sydney. Tahi is a multi-talented creative visionary with a…
      
                

                  
        Meet Erica Thorpe, our Image Editing Manager at Wellcom New York & Christie's. Erica plays a pivotal role within our…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        The marketing landscape is in a constant state of change. Brands need to produce more content that’s custom fit for any…