LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

              Agree & Join LinkedIn
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                Create your free account or sign in to continue your search
              



              or
            

      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


                      or
                    

                New to LinkedIn? Join now


      By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
    

The marketing landscape is in a constant state of change. Brands need to produce more content that’s custom fit for any channel, in less time and with less money. The traditional agency model needs to evolve to meet brands’ needs. Gone are the days when things changed slowly or not all, innovation moves at a speed that requires a new more agile approach to creative production in order to meet the demands of today's new media landscape. 


Let’s break it down.  


How the Traditional Model Works:


Brands are now creating adaptable campaigns with content that evolves based on performance. The days of one-size-fits-all “digital” are gone. Every programmatic campaign, social initiative, and current event has its own window for personalization and nuanced, targeted messaging and measurement. An evolution is needed to meet brands where they need to be.


How the Creative Production Model Works:


The creative production model takes the best elements of tactical creative development and omni-channel production and creates a single unit that can handle a full spectrum of creative and execution needs. It provides a more efficient route to producing content that can actually keep pace with the industry’s hunger for speed and efficiency, sacrificing neither scale nor quality. By eliminating all unnecessary steps along the way, we remove duplication of services, re-creation of assets, multiple briefings between teams and companies, unnecessary layers of approval, and cost. At Wellcom, we believe when creative and production aren’t separated, they can work in sync. Our integrated team utilizes this new model, whether it is full omni-channel studio production at scale, high-end video production, or creative ideation and development. Our creative and production teams constantly influence each other to work smarter and evolve on behalf of our clients.


It is now time for creative production to live up to its name. 


This article was produced, in part, for Wellcom Worldwide’s sponsorship of Creative Operations & Creative Productions New York 2023 presented by Henry Stewart Events.

A proven production leader specializing in broadcast, digital and retail content creation.  I have a passion for problem solving, cross-functional communication and guiding teams through complex projects.
Nice read!
Motion Graphics Design Systems - Development | Training | Consulting - Bespoke Content Creation @Scale
You may want to take a look at Adaptive & Responsive Creative Templates. It's a type of template that can be used to develop other on-brand templates and can be easily infused with automation features. It's also a create once and re-use a million times solution. It's the present and future of content creation for intelligent brands.   
Senior Production Designer
Well said. No time for creatives high fiving each other in multiple meetings over a new amazing 5 word tagline. Target, create, delegate and then deliver.
Marketing Manager with experience in events and conferences.
Very interesting piece! Looking forward to meeting the Wellcom team on Thursday :) 

        To view or add a comment, sign in


                  
        Meet Calvin Leong, our Creative Services Manager at Wellcom Kuala Lumpur. Calvin is a dedicated creative, well-versed…
      
                

                  
        Meet Tahi Williams, our Photography Assistant at Wellcom Sydney. Tahi is a multi-talented creative visionary with a…
      
                

                  
        Meet Erica Thorpe, our Image Editing Manager at Wellcom New York & Christie's. Erica plays a pivotal role within our…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        March is Women’s History Month — an important opportunity to amplify and appreciate the accomplishments of women around…
      
                

                  
        CEO Spotlight with David Bridges | Global CEO of Wellcom Worldwide Wellcom Worldwide, a global Micro Network of…